[docs] EAS Update: add more links to api (#23096)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/getting-started.mdx

  cmdCopy={null}
/>

> Once the update is built and uploaded to EAS and the command completes, force close and reopen your app up to two times to download and view the update. The default strategy for `expo-updates` is to check for updates every time the app is loaded, but you can also implement a custom strategy with the [Updates API](/versions/latest/sdk/updates) and [app.json configuration](/versions/latest/config/app/#updates). If your app is not updating as expected, [validate your configuration](/eas-update/debug).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the update is built and uploaded to EAS and the command completes, force close and reopen your app up to two times to download and view the update. The default strategy for `expo-updates` is to check for updates every time the app is loaded. However, you can also implement a custom strategy with the [Updates API](/versions/latest/sdk/updates) and [app config configuration](/versions/latest/config/app/#updates). If your app is not updating as expected, [validate your configuration](/eas-update/debug).
```
